.TH OSPF6D 8 "25 November 2004" "FRRouting OSPFv3 daemon" "Version 3.0.2"
.SH NAME
ospf6d \- an OSPFv3 routing engine for use with FRRouting.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B ospf6d
[
.B \-dhv
] [
.B \-f
.I config-file
] [
.B \-i
.I pid-file
] [
.B \-P
.I port-number
] [
.B \-A
.I vty-address
] [
.B \-u
.I user
] [
.B \-g
.I group
] [
.B \-M
.I module:options
]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B ospf6d
is a routing component that works with the
.B FRRouting
routing engine.
.SH OPTIONS
Options available for the
.B ospf6d
command:
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-d\fR, \fB\-\-daemon\fR
Runs in daemon mode, forking and exiting from tty.
.TP
\fB\-f\fR, \fB\-\-config-file \fR\fIconfig-file\fR 
Specifies the config file to use for startup. If not specified this
option will default to \fB\fI/usr/local/etc/ospf6d.conf\fR.
.TP
\fB\-g\fR, \fB\-\-group \fR\fIgroup\fR
Specify the group to run as. Default is \fIfrr\fR.
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
A brief message.
.TP
\fB\-i\fR, \fB\-\-pid_file \fR\fIpid-file\fR
When ospf6d starts its process identifier is written to
\fB\fIpid-file\fR.  The init system uses the recorded PID to stop or
restart ospf6d.  The default is \fB\fI/var/run/ospf6d.pid\fR.
.TP
\fB\-P\fR, \fB\-\-vty_port \fR\fIport-number\fR 
Specify the port that the ospf6d VTY will listen on. This defaults to
2606, as specified in \fB\fI/etc/services\fR.
.TP
\fB\-A\fR, \fB\-\-vty_addr \fR\fIvty-address\fR
Specify the address that the ospf6d VTY will listen on. Default is all
interfaces.
.TP
\fB\-u\fR, \fB\-\-user \fR\fIuser\fR
Specify the user to run as. Default is \fIfrr\fR.
.TP
\fB\-M\fR, \fB\-\-module \fR\fImodule:options\fR
Load a module at startup.  May be specified more than once.
The \fBsnmp\fR module may be available for
\fBospf6d\fR, if the package was built with SNMP support.
.TP
\fB\-v\fR, \fB\-\-version\fR
Print the version and exit.
.SH FILES
.TP
.BI /usr/local/sbin/ospf6d
The default location of the 
.B ospf6d
binary.
.TP
.BI /usr/local/etc/ospf6d.conf
The default location of the 
.B ospf6d
config file.
.TP
.BI $(PWD)/ospf6d.log 
If the 
.B ospf6d
process is config'd to output logs to a file, then you will find this
file in the directory where you started \fBospf6d\fR.
.SH WARNING
This man page is intended to be a quick reference for command line
options. The definitive document is the Info file \fBfrr\fR.
.SH DIAGNOSTICS
The ospf6d process may log to standard output, to a VTY, to a log
file, or through syslog to the system logs. \fBospf6d\fR supports many
debugging options, see the Info file, or the source for details.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR bgpd (8),
.BR ripd (8),
.BR ripngd (8),
.BR ospfd (8),
.BR isisd (8),
.BR zebra (8),
.BR vtysh (1)
.SH BUGS
.B ospf6d
eats bugs for breakfast. If you have food for the maintainers try
.BI https://github.com/frrouting/frr/issues
.SH AUTHORS
See
.BI http://www.zebra.org
and
.BI https://frrouting.org/
or the Info file for an accurate list of authors.

